---
layout: post
title: Resume
date: 2025-12-12
author: S.C. Guerrero
---
### Education

Bachelor of Science in Computer Engineering (Expected May 2026) - North Central College, Naperville, IL

### Experience

CS10 Academic Intern, University of California Berkeley (June – August 2021)
- Identified logical errors in students’ code for labs and projects during help sessions.
- Determined multiple approaches for resolving common roadblocks that students encounter.
- Verified students’ lab completion by asking them conceptual questions based on lab material.

Orientation Leader, University of California Berkeley (August 2021)
- Lead group tours of campus while explaining the university’s educational offerings.
- Facilitated panels about diversity and inclusion with regard to race, gender, and sexuality.
- Directed students toward the appropriate campus services that would address their needs.

### Projects

Personal Website, www.scguerrero.com (Fall 2025)
- Structured as an index of blog entries using Jekyll to convert Markdown files to HTML.
- Deployed site files to remote web host server via command-line SFTP on Linux.

Purchasing System, CSCE306 Object-Oriented Software Development (Spring 2025)
- Designed a system for managing customer/employee data, sales history, and staff hierarchy.
- Collaborated with team at all stages, from documentation, implementation, to presentation.
- Applied concepts of inheritance, polymorphism, pointers, and data structures in C++.

RPM Sensor, ELEC200 Digital Logic I (Spring 2025)
- Designed a hardware system in collaboration with team to take in a DC motor’s digital signal, compute the equivalent RPM value, and output the result to an FPGA’s 7-segment display.
- Simulated the design in Quartus Prime and implemented it on a DE10-Standard FPGA.

Music Box, ELEC280 Microcontrollers (Fall 2024)
- Built a circuit comprising a stepper motor, OLED display, NeoPixel, speaker, and audio amplifier.
- Programmed an Arduino Nano to rotate a figurine on a platform while changing NeoPixel lights and OLED graphics in time with the music.

### Skills

- Spoken Languages: Bilingual in English and Spanish
- Programming: C, C++, VHDL, MATLAB, Java, Python, HTML, CSS, Git, UNIX shell scripting
- Software: Intel Quartus Prime, Arduino IDE, LTSpice, Autodesk Eagle, SolidWorks, Microsoft Excel
- Laboratory: Multimeters, oscilloscopes, soldering, DE10-Standard FPGA, Arduino Nano

### Achievements

- Transfer Success Scholarship, North Central College (January 2024 – May 2026) - Awarded to students with a transferable college GPA of 3.0 to 3.49.
- Fiat Lux Scholarship, University of California Berkeley (July 2020 – April 2022) - Awarded to high-achieving students from low-income high schools in California.