---
layout: post
title:  "Resume"
date:   2025-12-12
author: "S.C. Guerrero"
---
### Education

Bachelor of Science in Computer Engineering (Expected May 2026) - North Central College, Naperville, IL

### Experience

CS10 Academic Intern, University of California Berkeley (June – August 2021)
- Collaborated with peer Academic Interns to determine problem-solving approaches that
would point students in the right direction without directly revealing solutions.
- Verified that students completed their labs by asking conceptual questions.
- Identified bugs in students’ code for lab assignments and projects during class.

Orientation Leader, University of California Berkeley (August 2021)
- Lead tours of the campus while explaining the university’s educational offerings.
- Managed email correspondence with 20+ students in my cohort to answer questions.

### Projects

Personal Website, www.scguerrero.com (Fall 2025)
- Created website files using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and Jekyll.
- Transferred files from personal computer to remote server via SFTP.

Purchasing System, CSCE306 Object-Oriented Software Development (Spring 2025)
- Collaborated with a team of two other students to design a system for managing
customer and employee data and sales history.
- Applied concepts of class inheritance, polymorphism, and pointers in C++.

Music Box, ELEC280 Microcontrollers (Fall 2024)
- Built using an Arduino Nano, stepper motor, OLED display, NeoPixel strip, and speaker.
- Wrote Arduino code that looped a 3-step process – send a music note to the speaker,
rotate a platform using the stepper motor, update the NeoPixel and OLED – to create a
functional music box with lights, sound, and motion.

### Skills

- Spoken Language: Bilingual in English and Spanish
- Programming: C, C++, VHDL, MATLAB, Java, Python, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Git
- Software: Intel Quartus Prime, LTSpice, Eagle PCB, Microsoft Excel, WinSCP
- Laboratory: Multimeters, oscilloscopes, soldering, DE10-Standard FPGA, Arduino Nano

### Achievements

- Transfer Success Scholarship, North Central College (January 2024 – May 2026)
- Fiat Lux Scholarship, University of California Berkeley (July 2020 – April 2022)
